2. What operating system was used on the computer?
Microsoft Windows XP

    3. When was the install date? 
	19/08/2004 22:48:27 UTC
    4. What is the timezone settings:

        a) What is the current active time bias?  
		360 min. from UTC 
        b) What time zone should be set in Autopsy before starting the analysis?
        	Central Standard Time
            Note: UTC = Current Time Zone + ActiveTimeBias
            http://forensium.com/Web_log/13_Calculate_time_zone_bias

	Start a new case in Autopsy and begin the automatic analysis (it will take a few minutes).

	While you wait for Autopsy answer these based on the registry analysis: 
	Use may the tools RegistryReport, ForensicUserInfo and WindowsRegistryRecovery.  

    5. Who is the registered owner?
	Greg Schardt
    6. What is the computer account name?
	Mr. Evil
    7. What is the primary domain name?
	N-1A9ODN6ZXK4LQ
    8. When was the last recorded computer shutdown date/time?
	27/08/2004 15:46:33 UTC
    9. How many accounts are recorded (total number)?
	5
    10. What is the account name of the user who mostly uses the computer?
	Mr. Evil 
    11. Who was the last user to logon to the computer?
	Mr. Evil	

	Once you know the OS time zone, start a new case in Autopsy and answer the remaining questions:
   
    12. A search for the name of “Greg Schardt” reveals multiple hits. One of these proves that Greg Schardt is Mr. Evil and is also the administrator of this computer. 
	What file is it? What software program does this file relate to?
	Several files have Greg Schardt as the system's registered owner. irunin.ini links Greg Schardt to Mr. Evil, and this file was generated by the program Look@LAN	

    13. List the network cards used by this computer
	Compaq WL110 Wireless LAN PC Card and Xircom CardBus Ethernet 100 + Modem 56 (Ethernet Interface)

    14. This same file reports the IP address and MAC address of the computer. What are they?
	

    15. An internet search for vendor name/model of NIC cards by MAC address can be used to find out which network interface was used. 
	In the above answer, the first 3 Bytes of the MAC address report the vendor of the card. 
	Which NIC card was used during the installation and set-up for LOOK@LAN?
    16. Find 6 installed programs that may be used for hacking.
    17. What is the SMTP email address for Mr. Evil?
    18. What are the NNTP (news server) settings for Mr. Evil?
    19. What two installed programs show this information?
    20. List 5 newsgroups that Mr. Evil has subscribed to?
    21. A popular IRC (Internet Relay Chat) program called MIRC was installed.  What are the settings that allows to find the alternative nickname (anick) of the user?
    22. This IRC program has the capability to log chat sessions. List 3 IRC channels that the user of this computer accessed.
    23. Ethereal, a popular “sniffing” program that can be used to intercept wired and wireless internet packets was also found to be installed. 
	When TCP packets are collected and re-assembled, the default save directory is users home directory (C:\Documents and Settings\%username% or C:\Users\%username%). 
	What is the name of the file that contains the intercepted data?
    24. Viewing the file in a text format reveals much information about who and what was intercepted. What type of wireless computer was the victim (person who had his internet surfing recorded) using?
    25. What websites was the victim accessing?
    26. Search for the main users web based email address. What is it?
    27. Yahoo mail, a popular web based email service, saves copies of the email under what file name?
    28. How many executable files are in the recycle bin?
    29. Are these files really deleted?
    30. How many files are actually reported to be deleted by the file system?
    31. Perform a Anti-Virus check. Are there any malicious files present?


Generate a report by running the STIX sample file against the data sources

